
Who: Ashley Kim, Emily Childers, Neil Nguyen, James Mahon, Remy Dahlke, Adam Ten Hoeve <br />
Title: AndroidArmy <br />
Vision: https://github.com/emily-childers/CSCI_3308-Android-Army/blob/master/README.md <br />
Automated Tests: Explanation and Screenshot (see above) <br />
User Acceptance Tests: 
1. User will insert data into the database in the submit page and check if the phone page includes the change. To specifically test this, we use a process very similar to Lab 8. First, we link a PHP Insert Handler file to the html file for our submission page. Upon filling out manufacturer name, phone model, OS Release, security and version name, we press the submit button and initially test using print statements. If the connection to our MySQL database is succesful, a print statement will appear saying so. In addition to these print statements, we will manually check the database to see if it is updates. Our "Phones" page will also act like the "store.php" page did in Lab 8, displaying all the databases. If our submission is succesful, it will appear in the tables on the "Phones" page. <br />
2. User will fill in the information in the contact page and if every condition is met administor will get the email. To test this feature, we had three test cases: 1.all information(both required and optional) are filled out. 2.only the required information are filled out. 3.no information is filled out or only optional informations are filled out. When case 1 is tested, we recieved the email with all the information. When case 2 is tested, we received an email with only the required informations. When case 3 is tested, user received an error message saying they haven't filled ou the required informations. <br />
3. User will search for a phone using the search bar and be navigated to the details page. In order to do this, we have a search bar on our main page that lets the user enter the make of a phone. The search bar will then check the entry to make sure it is valid, sending a error if it is not. The search bar then connects to the database to find the make and manufacturer assossiated with that query. The search bar then sends the user and the information to the details page for the user to gt better information about that specfic phone. <br />
